README.md, before:

repl.lua
========

**repl.lua** is a REPL for [mpv][1] input commands. It is displayed on the
video window. It also shows log messages.

![screenshot](https://rossy.github.io/mpv-repl/screen.png)

Keybindings
-----------

| Key | Action |
| ---: | :--- |
| <kbd>`</kbd> | Show the REPL |
| <kbd>Esc</kbd> | Hide the REPL |
| <kbd>Enter</kbd> | Run the typed command |
| <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Enter</kbd> | Type a literal newline character |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>←</kbd>, <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>→</kbd> | Move cursor to previous/next word |
| <kbd>↑</kbd>, <kbd>↓</kbd> | Navigate command history |
| <kbd>PgUp</kbd> | Go to the first command in the history |
| <kbd>PgDn</kbd> | Stop navigating command history |
| <kbd>Insert</kbd> | Toggle insert mode |
| <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Insert</kbd> | Paste text (uses the primary selection on X11) |
| <kbd>Tab</kbd> | Complete the command or property name at the cursor |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>C</kbd> | Clear current line |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>K</kbd> | Delete text from the cursor to the end of the line |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>L</kbd> | Clear all log messages from the console |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd> | Delete text from the cursor to the beginning of the line |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>V</kbd> | Paste text (uses the clipboard on X11) |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>W</kbd> | Delete text from the cursor to the beginning of the current word |

Known issues
------------

- Pasting text is slow on Windows
- Non-ASCII keyboard input doesn't work
- Cursor movement and line editing is broken for UTF-8 characters

Disclaimer
----------

This script was written with the hope that it would be useful, but the method
of keyboard input is a bit of a hack (mpv wasn't designed to be a GUI toolkit,)
so there are no guarantees that it will be useful or continue to work.

Copying
-------

This script is released under the ISC licence.

The color scheme for log messages is Chris Kempson's [Base16 Eighties][2]

[1]: https://mpv.io/
[2]: https://github.com/chriskempson/base16-default-schemes

Commit message:

Add a 'type' command to open and pre-fill the REPL
@lachs0r's idea. Apparently qutebrowser has something similar.

Example input.conf binding (which will probably make my life easier):
Ctrl+s script-message-to repl type "screenshot-to-file "

README.md, after:

repl.lua
========

**repl.lua** is a REPL for [mpv][1] input commands. It is displayed on the
video window. It also shows log messages.

![screenshot](https://rossy.github.io/mpv-repl/screen.png)

Keybindings
-----------

| Key | Action |
| ---: | :--- |
| <kbd>`</kbd> | Show the REPL |
| <kbd>Esc</kbd> | Hide the REPL |
| <kbd>Enter</kbd> | Run the typed command |
| <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Enter</kbd> | Type a literal newline character |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>←</kbd>, <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>→</kbd> | Move cursor to previous/next word |
| <kbd>↑</kbd>, <kbd>↓</kbd> | Navigate command history |
| <kbd>PgUp</kbd> | Go to the first command in the history |
| <kbd>PgDn</kbd> | Stop navigating command history |
| <kbd>Insert</kbd> | Toggle insert mode |
| <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Insert</kbd> | Paste text (uses the primary selection on X11) |
| <kbd>Tab</kbd> | Complete the command or property name at the cursor |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>C</kbd> | Clear current line |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>K</kbd> | Delete text from the cursor to the end of the line |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>L</kbd> | Clear all log messages from the console |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd> | Delete text from the cursor to the beginning of the line |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>V</kbd> | Paste text (uses the clipboard on X11) |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>W</kbd> | Delete text from the cursor to the beginning of the current word |

Commands
--------

| Command | Action |
| :--- | :--- |
| ``script-message-to repl type "<text>"`` | Show the REPL and pre-fill it with the provided text |

Known issues
------------

- Pasting text is slow on Windows
- Non-ASCII keyboard input doesn't work
- Cursor movement and line editing is broken for UTF-8 characters

Disclaimer
----------

This script was written with the hope that it would be useful, but the method
of keyboard input is a bit of a hack (mpv wasn't designed to be a GUI toolkit,)
so there are no guarantees that it will be useful or continue to work.

Copying
-------

This script is released under the ISC licence.

The color scheme for log messages is Chris Kempson's [Base16 Eighties][2]

[1]: https://mpv.io/
[2]: https://github.com/chriskempson/base16-default-schemes
